what's up guys and welcome back to our
must have series today's video is on the
Sony PSP and as always this is just one
man's opinion so let me know your
favorite games for this console in the
comment box
below noo roko 2 is an imaginative and
original game that marries unique
gameplay with an extremely vibrant and
gorgeous athetic adding to this that the
over-the-top music will probably have
you whistling to yourself for days after
playing it and you have all of the
ingredients that make up a damn fun game
the characters are pretty much
one-dimensional balls of sound and color
but with the ability to choose from a
variety of them everybody is sure to
find one they like I found myself stick
into the default choice but nonetheless
it's one had of a laugh to play through
regardless of which one you choose don't
let the childish exterior fool you this
game truly is a must have you'd be doing
yourself a disservice by not playing
it Ridge Racer 2 on the PSP is far
superior than the first one that was
released for the console's launch and
all fairness it is basically just the
same game but with a huge injection of
content which sees the game become a lot
more value for the price of admission I
myself am a huge fan of the Ridge Racer
series and although there are several
other great races for the system such as
Grand turiso and Wipeout I believe rid
Racer 2 is the best in part due to the
classic drifting gameplay that many have
come to expect from the franchise as
well as the absolutely overwhelming
amount of content that will see you
playing this one for quite some time if
you like fun Pockets to pick me up
arcade goodness on the go then this one
is for you however if you prefer a more
realistic driving game experience GR
Gran Turismo easily surpasses
it Persona free portable is a re-release
of the PlayStation 2 title Persona free
the game has been one of the most
influential jrpgs of our time
successfully rebooting atlas's most
promising franchise while there have
been some necessary cuts to the game in
order to make it viable for a handheld
it really doesn't affect it too much
when compared to the original this
release added the option to choose a
female protagonist which in turn Alters
some aspects of the story that players
of the original will probably appreciate
by easily the this has to be the best
ipg for the system the storyline the
battle mechanics the soundtrack they all
add up to make something truly special
that should not be
missed although I only played Paton for
a short period of time I have to say
that I have never met such an Innovative
and impressive game before the rules are
simple as well as the core idea of the
game you just follow the Rhythm and
perform the appropriate reaction for
your order now there can be a lot of
backtracking involved in the game in
order to gather Mana to increase your
army and that is mainly one of the only
complaints with
it the best version of this game was
included in the HD collection for the
PS3 and 360 mainly due to the addition
of a second analog stick and how it
improves the gameplay when compared to
the PSP version now with that out of the
way Peace Walker is an absolute Triumph
and was a technical showcase for the PSP
upon its release the amount of content
in this game is truly staggering and
with the game being developed with the
system in mind you will find yourself
being tasked with shorter missions that
benefit from the pickup and play nature
of the hard as always from kajima you
can expect a great storyline that will
keep you guessing throughout the
duration of the campaign the addition of
a base that you have to manage and
evolve helps the game last long after
its credits have rolled and we'll see
you coming back to the game time and
time again truly a must have for the
system go out and pick this one up
[Music]